[ Man ] ♪ We in the fast lane  at high speeds ♪
♪ One-six-oh is the reach  a car never could achieve ♪
♪ We battle for position  Better watch your step ♪
♪ Because it's one false move  and it's life or death ♪
♪ Accelerate  Life is gone in a flash ♪
♪ You're up against a pro  Get blown right past ♪
♪ Comin' out tonight  at the speed of light ♪
♪ Only the hard and the strong  can achieve the hype ♪♪
[ Phone Beeps ]
Just packed up
a real money load,
and it's comin' your way.
Look for "Rodgers"
on the side of the truck.
Don't forget
my share of the deal.
[ Truck Horn Honking ]
[ Horn Honking ]
[ Engine Revving ]
Shit!
[ Man ] ♪ We hit the room,  me and my crew ♪
♪ And it was cool  until we bumped into you ♪
♪ Now it's been years  but there you were  like a Mustang ♪
♪ Redlinin' every single gear
♪ With a man that danced  like he was born in '49 ♪
♪ But lost his groove  back in ancient times ♪
♪ I wanna know  are those replacement hips? ♪
♪ Is that a Swatch watch?  Do you know what time it is? ♪
♪ Does he run it deep enough
♪ To take you there?
♪ Does he run it deep enough?  Oh, tell me, baby ♪
♪ Does he run it deep enough  to take you there? ♪ ♪♪ [ Fades ]
Tuna on white,
no crust, right?
I don't know.
How is it?
Every day for the last
three weeks you've
been comin' in here...
and you've been askin' me
how the tuna is.
Now it was crappy yesterday,
it was crappy the day before,
and guess what.
Hasn't changed.
- I'll have the tuna.
- No crust?
No crust.
Thank you.
♪ Tell me, baby ♪
[ Engines Revving ]
Talk to me, Jesse.
This ain't workin', brother.
It's your fuel map.
It's got a nasty hole.
That's why you're
unloading in third.I told you it was third.
Shut up.I lengthen the injector
pulse another millisec...
and just tune the NOS timer,
you'll run nines.
Huh?
♪ Who told ya to beat it  Bleed it, beep it  Whatever you want ♪
What's up with this fool?
What is he, sandwich crazy?
No, V. He ain't here
for the food, dog.Chill out, bro.
He's just slingin' parts
for Harry, man.I know what he's slingin'.
He's tryin' to get
in Mia's pants, dog.
What's up, guys?How you doin', Mia?
- How you livin', girl?
- Hey!
Hey, Dom.
You want somethin' to drink?
♪ Watch your, watch your  Watch your back ♪
♪ Watch your back  Watch your back  Once in a while ♪
Ah, he's beautiful.I like his haircut.
[ Mia ]Vince.
- Vince!
- What?
- Can I get you anything?
- You look good.
♪ .357's or AK-47's  All tools that create 187's ♪
Well, thanks a lot, Mia.
See you tomorrow.
Sure.
- Tomorrow?
- Oh, I love this part.
Yo!
Try Fatburger
from now on.
You can get yourself
a Double Cheese with fries
for 2.95, faggot.
- I like the tuna here.
- Bullshit, asshole.
No one likes the tuna here.
Yeah, well, I do.
♪ Watch your back  Watch your, watch your back ♪
♪ Watch your, watch your  Watch your back ♪
♪ Watch your back  Watch your back ♪
Jesus Christ, Dom.
Would you get out there, please?
I'm sick of this shit.
I'm not kidding, Dom!
Get out there.
[ Grunting ]
- What'd you put
in that sandwich?
- That's really funny.
- Dom!
- All right.
♪ Watch your back  Watch your, watch your  Watch your back ♪
♪ Watch your, watch your  Watch your back ♪
♪ Watch your back  Watch your back ♪
♪ Watch your back ♪
- Hey, man, he was in my face.
-
I'm
in your face.
Relax.
Don't push it.
You embarrass me.
Get over there.
Jesse, give me the wallet.
"Brian Earl Spilner."
Sounds like
a serial killer name.
Is that
what you are?No, man.
Don't come
around here again.
Hey, man,
you know this is bullshit.
You work for Harry, right?
- Yeah. I just started.
- You were just fired.
[ Tires Screeching ]
Hey, Dominic, I appreciate
what you did in a big way.
Dominic, I owe you.
Brian, you're messin'
with my business.
When Dominic drives,
he's golden.
Kids pour in here,
they want everything he has,
every performance part,
and they pay cash.
What did Dominic say?You don't wanna know.
What did Dominic say?He wants you outta here.
He wants me outta here?Yes.
And what did you
say to Dom?What do you think I said?
I told him
good help is hard to find.
Hey.[ Exhales ]
Relax.
I need NOS.
I need NOS.No.
My car topped out at
140 miles per hour this morning.
Amateurs don't use
nitrous oxide.
I've seen the way you drive.
You got a heavy foot.
You'll blow yourself
to pieces.I need one of these.
One of
the big ones.
Actually, no.
Let's make it two.
And, Harry,
I need it by tonight.
♪ Tell me what's  the secret I'm missin'? ♪
♪ I'm a-come and get it
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪ Stick out your tongue  and say aah ♪
♪ Breathe in  now breathe out ♪
♪ Hands up, now hands down  Back up, back up ♪
♪ Tell me  what you gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin', rollin'  rollin', rollin' ♪
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
♪ Do it fast  Do it furious ♪
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Hey, hold up, hold up.
Look at this snowman
right here, man.
Sweet ride.
What you runnin'
under there, man?
You gonna make me find out
the hard way?
- Hell, yeah.
- You brave. You brave.
They call me Hector.
Got a last name too,
but I can't pronounce it, so--
Brian Spilner.Aw, typical white boy name.
You know what I'm sayin'?
- [ Chattering ]
- See that over there?
That's mine.
That's my baby.
But I ain't cuttin'
her loose tonight.
- Why not?
- It's 'cause
I'm goin' legit, homey.
Tryin' to get
on the NIRA circuit.
You heard about that?
Oh, hell, yeah.Yeah, yeah.
- So what's up with you, man?
- I'm just waitin' for Toretto.
Shit. Better get in line.
This yours?Yeah. I'm standin'
next to it.
That's funny.
You know, Edwin happens
to know a few things.
And one of the things
Edwin knows is,
it's not how you
stand by your car.
It's how you race your car.
You better learn that.
[ Engines Revving ]
Oh, shit.
Here they come. It's on.
♪♪ [ Speakers: Hip-hop ]
[ Engine Revving ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Dom.Marvin.
Hey, Dom.
How you doin'?Hey, Camille.
[ Dominic ]
You been doin' yoga?
[ Indistinct ]Oh, you did?
Of course you did.
- Monica.
- Ow.
I smell--
[ Sniffs ]
skanks.
Why don't you girls just
pack it up before I leave
tread marks on your face?
Okay.Letty,
I was just talkin'.
- Yeah, whatever.
- Okay, Hector.
Yeah? What's up, man?
Yo, what's up?
Edwin.How we doin'
this tonight?
One race. Two-G buy-in.
Winner takes all.
Hector, you're gonna
hold the cash.
- Why Hector?
- He's too slow to make away
with the money, man.
[ Laughter ]
Okay, good luck, guys.[ Brian ]
Hey, wait. Hold up.
I don't have any cash,
but I do have
the pink slip to my car.
Hey, you just can't
climb in the ring with Ali
'cause you think you box.
He knows I can box.
So check it out.
It's like this.
I lose, the winner takes my car,
clean and clear.
But if I win, I take the cash,
and I take the respect.
- Respect.
- [ Laughing ]
To some people,
that's more important.
That your car?
[ Man ]
Oh, damn!
I see a cool-air intake.
It's got a NOS-fogger system
and a T-four turbo, Dominic.
I see an A.I.C.
controller.
It has direct-port
nitrous injection.
Yeah, and a stand-alone
fuel-management system.
Not a bad way
to spend $10,000.
[ Edwin ]
You see that shit?
He's got enough NOS in there
to blow himself up, period.Yeah.
So what do you say?
Am I worthy?
We don't know yet.
But you're in.
Let's go.
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
What the hell's
goin' on around here?
Street's closed, pizza boy.
Find another way home.
Goddamn
street racers.
[ Woman ]
Log on 22, code three.
Tension is high.
They've blocked
the street.
[ Cheering ]
[ Tires Screech ]
[ Man ]
...the line, you piece of shit.
[ Engines Revving ]
[ Spectators Cheering ]
♪♪ [ Bass Pounding ]
Edwin,
this is yours,
whether you win or lose.
But if you win,
you get her too.
You're gonna win.
I'm gonna win.
[ Engine Revving ]
[ Gas Hissing ]
♪♪ [ Man Singing, Distorted ]
[ Beeping ]
[ Engines Revving ]
[ Gas Hissing ]
[ Tires Screeching ]
[ Woman ]
12 Lincoln 22.
We've got a reported homicide, 187, at Barabian Liquors.
I've got a 187 in Glendale.
Cops are all over it, man.
We're good to roll.
- All right.
- Let's race!
Right.
[ Engines Revving ]
Go!
Hell, yeah!
Damn, that guy's fast.
Let's go! Ménage a.
[ Beeping ]
[ Gas Hissing ]
[ Tires Screeching ]
No! Monica!
[ Beeping ]
Shut up!
- [ Beeping Stops ]
- [ Gas Hisses ]
[ Clanking ]
Aaah!
[ Tires Screeching ]
[ Man ]
Let's go now, baby!
Here's what you want,
right here.
There you go.
You were racin'
a bunch of skateboards,
know what I mean?
My sister holds the money.
Count it.
And you're my trophy.
Hey, hey, Monica!
What's up, baby?
What's your problem, nigga?
You didn't win.Ooh!
Fuck you then.
[ Man ]
Check that girl.
Was that fun?
[ Man ]
Got a problem there,
huh, buddy?
[ Laughter ]
[ Crowd ]
Oh!
What are you smilin' about?
- Dude, I almost had you.
- [ Cheering ]
You
almost had
me?
You never had me.
You never had your car.
[ Crowd ]
Ohh!
Granny shifting,
not double-clutchin'
like you should.
You're lucky that
hundred-shot of NOS...
didn't blow the welds
on the intake.
- [ Man ]
Nice job!
- Almost had
me?
You tell him,
Dominic.
Get outta here.
Now me and the mad scientist
gotta rip apart the block...
and replace
the piston rings you fried.
Ask any racer,
any real racer.
It don't matter if you win
by an inch or a mile.
- Winning's winning.
- Yeah!
Available units,
we have reported street
racing along Hawthorne--
Oh, shit!
We got cops, cops, cops!
[ Leon ]
Go!
[ Engines Revving ]
[ Alarms Chirping ]
Dom, get in the car!
Go!
[ Sirens Blaring ]
[ Sirens Blaring In Distance ]
[ Alarm Chirps ]
[ Siren Blaring ]
Toretto,
stop right there!
Toretto!
[ Siren Continues ]
Get in!
[ Horn Honking ]
Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa!
You're the last person
in the world I expected
to show up.
Yeah, well, I thought
if I got in your good graces,
you might let me
keep my car.
You are in my good graces,
but you ain't keepin' your car.
You drive like you've
done this before.
- What are you, a wheel man?
- No.
You boost cars?
- No. Never.
- Ever done time?
Couple of overnighters.
No big deal.
What about the two years
in juvie for boostin' cars?
[ Chuckles ]
Tucson, right?
Yeah, I had Jesse
run a profile on you,
Brian Earl Spilner.
He'll find anything on the Web,
anything about anybody.
So why bullshit?
So what about you?
Two years in Lompoc.
I'll die before I go back.
- Oh, great.
- What?
It's gonna be
a long-ass night, that's what.
Follow us.
I thought we had
an agreement.
You stay away,
I stay away.
Everybody stays happy.
We got lost, Johnny.
What do you want me
to tell you?
- Who's "we"?
- Uh, my new mechanic.
Brian, meet Johnny Tran.
The guy in the snakeskin pants,
that's his cousin, Lance.
So when are you gonna
give me a shot at that
Honda 2000 of yours?
- This your ride?
- It was. It's his now.
No, it's not.
I haven't taken delivery.
Then it's nobody's car.
Somebody put in
the wrench time.
What do you think,
Lance?
It's an amazing machine.
[ Johnny ]
Yes, indeed.
Let's go.
I'll see you
in the desert next month.
Be ready to have your ass
handed to you.
- You're gonna need more
than that crotch rocket.
- I got somethin' for you.
[ Engines Revving ]
What the hell
was that all about?
Long story.
I'll tell you later.
Let's get outta here.
NOS!
So, what the hell
was that all about?
It's a long story.
Well, we got a 20-mile hike.
Humor me.
A business deal
that went sour.
Plus, I made the mistake
of sleepin' with his sister.
[ Chattering ]
♪♪ [ Speakers: Rock ]
Take care.
Yo, Spilner.
- You want a beer?
- Yeah, sure.
Oh, shit.
♪♪ [ Jamming With Speakers ]
[ Laughing, Chattering ]
[ Man ]
We were all there, right?
Falling behind.
- ...nitrous.
- Yeah.
Yo, Dom. Hey, man.
We were just about to go
lookin' for you, brother.
Where were you?
There were mass cops there.
They came in from
every direction.
That shit was
orchestrated.This your beer?
Yeah, that's my beer.
Yo, Einstein.
Take it upstairs.
You can't detail a car
with the cover on.
Can't even
get that right.
You all right?
Am I all right?
[ Letty ]
It was just a question.
Yo, Dom!
Why'd you bring
the buster here?
'Cause the buster
kept me out of handcuffs!
He didn't just
run back to the fort.
The buster brought
me
back.
You can have any brew you want--
as long as it's a Corona.
Thanks, man.That's Vince's,
so enjoy it.
You--
Hey, bro,
you got a bathroom?
Yeah, upstairs.
First door on the right.
He's got no call
bein' up in here.
- You don't know
that fool for
shit.
- He's right, Dom.
Vince, there was a time
when I didn't know you.
That was in
the third grade.
[ Dominic ]
Yeah, so, what girls are here?
Ho!You just name it.
You want mine?
You need to
shut the f--You want two?
You don't have anything?You look a bit tired.
[ Letty ]
You should go upstairs
and give me a massage.
Look at all
our guests.
How about we go upstairs
and you give me a massage?
[ Chuckles ]Crazy lady.
Yo.
You know you owe me
a 10-second car, right?
Ouch.
Oh, shit.
Did you wipe the seat?
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Would you cut this shit
already? Come on!
Come on.
Let's go get me a drink.
Aw, come on, man.
We were just about to get along.Yeah.
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
So what do you want?Uh, anything,
long as it's cold.
You know, my brother likes you.
He usually doesn't like anybody.
Yeah, he's a complicated guy.
Yeah?
What about you?
I'm simpler.You're a shitty liar.
Well, I'll take that
as a compliment.
But there's a problem.What's that?
You need to get some sleep.
And you definitely,
definitely need a shower.
Come on.
I'll take you home.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Siren Blaring ]
Show me your hands.
Very good. Now open the door.
Put your hands on your head.
Behind your head.
Face the front of the vehicle,
walk backwards towards the rear.
Take two steps to your right.
Stop right there.
What'd I do?
Shut up.
He's clean, Sarge.
Damn! Muse, will you
take these things off?
Shit. You put
'em on so tight.I like realism.
You like realism.You never know
who's watching, Brian.
Wow. Nice crib,
Sergeant.
It's a lot nicer than that
last place you confiscated.Ain't it?
You know, Eddie Fisher
built this house for
Elizabeth Taylor in the '50s.
See, even the cops
are Hollywood in Hollywood.[ Chuckles ]
[ Chattering ][ Phone Ringing ]
Okay, here he is,
fresh from Toretto's
hot rod heaven.
That was an $80,000
vehicle, Officer.
- Wait a minute.
You tell him what happened?
- He knows what happened.
Send the bill
to Johnny Tran.Brian.
The kid's givin' me attitude?
That doesn't speak very well for
police-F.B.I. relations, Tanner.
I walk in the door, and
the guy's already givin' me--All right, all right.
We'll talk, okay?
Let's talk about it.
Muse, why don't you
make us four iced
cappuccinos, please.
Come on.Regular or decaf,
Sarge?
Uh, decaf, I think.
Four hijackings in two months,
and we don't have anything.
DVD players and digital cameras
alone are worth a million-two,
which brings the grand total
to six million plus.
We're in the political
crosshairs now, Brian.
That's why
you're undercover.
You want that detective
badge fast, kid.
And you wanna know something?
The F.B.I. can help,
if you come through for us.
What does
the truck driver say?
He gave us the same M.O.
Three Honda Civics,
precision driving,
the same green neon glow
from under the chassis.
Lab says the skid marks
came back the same:
Mashamoto ZX tires.
So we know that
it's somebody in
the street racing world.
We don't make this case soon,
the truckers will take matters
into their own hands.
I tell 'em we're close.
You gonna make me a liar?
Look, what do we know?
We all know
this world revolves
around Toretto, right?
Now, I'm not sayin' that
he's necessarily the one
that's poppin' these trucks,
but I can guarantee
the both of you
that he knows who is.
It's just a matter
of time until I win
his confi--
You want time,
buy the magazine.
We don't have time.
Just get me
something I can use.
Is Harry
cooperating?
Yeah, like a guy that's gonna
do three to five for receiving
stolen property if he doesn't.
What kind of vibe is he
getting from Toretto?
He's scared to death of him, but
he doesn't think he's jackin'
trucks in his spare time.
- He's too controlled for that.
- Wait.
Not that I want to
contradict Harry's
fine judge of character,
but, uh, Toretto did
hard time for nearly
beating a guy to death.
He's got nitrous oxide
in his blood and
a gas tank for a brain.
Do not turn
your back on him.
Hey, Tanner.
I'm gonna need another car.
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
What about parts
and service?Hold off on that.
Dom, I don't know
what to do with this.
All right,
what the hell is this?
What do you
got there?
- This is your car.
- My car?
I said a 10-second car,
not a 10-minute car.
You could push this across
the finish line, or tow it.
Couldn't even tow that
across the finish line.
[ Mia, Letty Laugh ]No faith.
Oh, I have faith in you,
but this isn't a junkyard.
- This is a garage.
- Hey, pop the hood.
- Pop the hood?
- Pop the hood.
[ Jesse ]
Two J.Z. engine.
No shit.And what
did I tell you?
I retract
my previous statement.You know what?
This will decimate all
after you put
about 15 grand in it--
or more, if we have
to overnight parts
from Japan.
We'll put it
on my tab at Harry's.Yes!
I gotta get you racing again
so I can make some money
off your ass.
There's this show
down in the desert
called Race Wars,
and that's where
you'll do it.
I'll tell you what.
When you're not workin'
at Harry's, you're workin' here.
If you can't find the right
tool in this garage,
Mr. Arizona,
you don't belong
near a car.
He owns you now.
[ Man ] ♪ Life ain't a game, no
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Jesse ]
Tell me what you
think about this.
KONI adjustables.
Gonna save us
about two pounds.
And they're gonna give us better
traction for the hole shot.
All right?
This is your basic
layout of the car,
and that's pretty much
what it could look like
when it's finished.
Red, green.
Man, you should be goin'
to M.I.T. or somethin'.
Yeah, right.
No, I got that--
Oh, what's it called?
That attention
disorder--
- Oh, A.D.D.?
- Yes, that shit. Yeah.
You know, I was
good in algebra...
and, like,
math and shit.
Everything else
I failed.
Dropped out of school.
I don't know.
It's just somethin'
about engines...
that-that calms me down,
you know?
I'm outta here.Come on, dog.
Yo, Dom.Vince, get over here
and give us a hand.
Looks like you got
all the help
you need, brother.
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Man ] ♪ You got to change  your evil ways ♪
- Mia!
- All right already.
The chicken's
dry already.I'm comin' out already.
♪ Before I stop lovin' you
Aw.Here you go.
Wait. Hold up.
Because you were the first
out of everybody here...
to reach in to get the chicken,
you say grace.
♪ You got me sneakin'  and peepin' ♪
Come on.
Dear heavenly, uh--
- Spirit.
- Spirit. Thank you.
Uh, thank you for providing us
with a direct port...
nitrous, uh,
injection,
four-core intercoolers
and ball-bearing turbos,
and, um,
titanium valve springs.
- Thank you.
- Amen.
- Not bad.
He was prayin' to
the car gods, man.
[ Dominic ]
If he's not the best--
- [ Mia ]
What do you want?
- Practice.
Thank you, girl.
Look who it is.
Old Coyotes 'R' Us.
[ Leon ]
I thought you weren't
hungry, pumpkin.
You know, I gotta eat.
- He's always hungry.
- All right, sit down.
♪♪ [ "Evil Ways" Instrumental ]
How you doin', Mia?
Here you go, dog.
Hey, Jesse, hand me
that chicken, bro.Let's eat some grub, man.
Want some of that chicken?What, you rent a movie
or somethin'?
You need a hand
with anything else?
No, I'm good.
You can go join the boys
watchin' the movie.
No, you see,
the cook doesn't clean
where I come from.
Yeah?
I'd like to go there.
I think we should
go out sometime.
No, I don't date
my brother's friends.
Wow. That sucks.
I guess I'll have to
kick his ass then.I'd love to see that one.
No, I would-- I would pay
to see that one, actually.
[ Indistinct ]
[ TV: Explosions ]
Wash my car
when you get done.
What was that?No, Mia.
I'm talkin' to the punk.
And wear your
favorite dress,
'cause when you're done,
I'm puttin' you
on the street where
you belong, cutie.
- [ Beeping ]
- Is this thing broken?
What's wrong
with this thing?V?
V, what was-- what was
that Cuban restaurant
you wanted to take me to?
The one with
the
picadillo
and the--Little--
Little red candles
and the wooden table?Yeah, the plantain too.
Food all over the place.
What was it called?Cha, Cha, Cha.
Yeah, that's it.Yeah.
Well, you can
take me there.
Friday night at 10:00.
Is that good for you?
- Yeah, it's perfect.
- Good.
There's no popcorn?Make your own
goddamn popcorn!
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
♪♪ [ Stops ]
All right.
Now that's valet parking.
[ Chattering ]
Harry. What's up, dog?
Excellent, brother.
Come on in, man.
Check it.
It's yours.Damn. What do we got here?
- Hired some new help, huh?
- Don't even think about it.
What's up, Hector?What's up, Brian?
How you feelin'?
Pretty good.
So what's up?
What do you need?What's up, man?
I need you to hook me up.
Three of everything.
I made a list.
Why don't you
look that over?
When do you need
this stuff by?Tomorrow, today, now.
Right.White boys work fast,
don't they?
Beto, pasa la feria,
homes.
That's right.
[ Brian ]
Hey, you said you need
three of all this stuff?
[ Hector ]
Yeah, three of everything.
What do you think about that?
Check this out.
♪♪ [ Man Rapping In Spanish ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
♪♪ [ Continues, Faint ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
He moans like a cop.
[ Groaning ]
Brian, this is
one of those times...
when you need to be very clear
about what you say.
Nod if you
understand me.
Nod!
Sit up.
Tell me what the hell
you're doin' down here.
Oh, shit.
What I'm doin'?
[ Panting ]
Dom,
I owe--
I owe you a 10-second car.
And what this is about,
this is about Race Wars.
I just went in there,
and Hector
is gonna be runnin'...
three Honda Civics
with Spoon engines.
And on top of that,
he just came into Harry's...
and he ordered
three T-66 turbos,
with NOS,
and a MoTeC system exhaust.
So what are you saying?
You're gonna go around
and check everybody's shit out,
one garage after another?
Yeah.
Because Dom, you know...
I can't lose again.
[ Vince ]
He's a cop.
He's a cop!
You a cop?
Let's go for a little ride.
[ Vince ]
Walk!
All right, kid,
stand watch.
Yo, Dominic.
[ Vince ]
There's no engines.
What are they plannin'
on racin' with?
Hopes and dreams?
[ Vince ]
I don't know, but I know
they're sneaky as shit,
and they've got enough money
to buy anything.
[ Beeping ]Oh.
What, Jess?
Dom, we got a wolf pack.
It's Johnny Tran, and he's comin' your way really fast.
All right,
we got company.
Spilner!
Come on. Move!
Let me ask you
a question, Ted.
Do you see
anything wrong here?
No.
- We got no engines, do we?
- No!
- Do we?
Do we?No!
A couple of Nissan SR20
motors will pull a premium...
one week before
Race Wars, huh?Yeah, probably.
You're a smart fence, Ted.
Maybe too smart.
What are you feelin',
Lance?
Forty weight?
Fifty weight?
A forty weight
sounds nice.
[ Ted Groaning ]
Where are they, Ted?
Where are they?Enough!
- Where are they?
- They're in a warehouse.
They're in
a warehouse, man!
[ Groans ]
[ Coughing, Gagging ]
Ted.
Kiss my shoes?
[ Coughing ]
[ Groans ]
[ Johnny ]
Let's go get our engines.
My superiors
are flying in from D.C.
day after tomorrow.
I want
something to show.
Now, we have a top-echelon fence
with a lube hose in his mouth,
automatic weapons,
a jacket full of priors on
every one of these Asian punks,
a garage full of DVD players
and generally
psychotic behavior.
Now, tell me
why we shouldn't move
on Johnny Tran right now...
and see where we are
when the dust settles.Because all we have is behavior.
Just let me get some hard
evidence, because what we have
now is just circumstantial--
[ Bilkins ]
What we have is probable cause.
And truckers arming themselves
for some good old-fashioned
vigilante mayhem.
- Tell us about Hector, Brian.
- Oh, Latinos with spear guns.
Give me a break.
No, Hector's still working
on the engines for the cars,
but the tires don't match.
Will some-- Will someone
just give me a cigarette?Get him a cigarette.
Don't get him a cigarette.
I thought you quit.
Yeah, I did quit.
Just give me a cigarette.
Get him a cigarette.No!
Tell me about Toretto.
Well, I told you, I think
he's too controlled for this.
I mean, what?
Going suicidal
on semi-trucks? No way.
I mean, maybe his buddy Vince,
but he's too stupid
to pull it off.
- I think the kid sister's
blurring your vision.
- What did you say?
I don't blame you.
I'd get off on her
surveillance photos too, buddy.
[ Grunts ]
Knock it off!
What, are you going native
on me, Brian?
Have you read
Toretto's file lately?
Yeah.
I memorized that file.
Yeah, well read it again.
No, better still,
take a look at these.
Remember I told you about
the guy he nearly
beat to death?
Toretto did this
with a three-quarter-inch
torque wrench.
He's a model
of self-control.
I need a few more days.
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
[ Jesse ]
Got a T.R.-seven here
with a ball-bearing upgrade.
What it's gonna do
is, it's gonna--
[ Hisses ]
It's gonna spool up
really quick.
I got this set up
for 24 P.S.I.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
So you got
big plans tonight?
Yeah, we're going
out to dinner.
You break her heart,
I'll break your neck.
That's not gonna happen.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
I wanna
show you something.
Wow.
Me and my dad built her.
900 horses
of Detroit muscle.
It's a beast.
- Know what she ran
in Palmdale?
- No. What did she run?
Nine seconds flat.
God.My dad was driving.
So much torque,
the chassis twisted
coming off the line.
[ Chuckles ]Barely kept her
on the track.
So what's your best time?
- I've never driven her.
- Why not?
Scares the shit out of me.
That's my dad.
He was comin' up
in the pro stock car circuit.
Last race of the season.
Ah, a guy named Kenny Linder
came up from inside...
in the final turn.
He clipped his bumper
and put him into the wall
at 120.
Um,
I watched my dad
burn to death.
I remembered
hearing him scream.
But the people that were there
said that he had died
before the tanks blew.
They said it was me
who was screaming.
I saw Linder
about a week later.
I had a wrench...
and I hit him.
And I didn't intend
to keep hitting him,
but by the time I was done,
I couldn't lift my arm.
He's a janitor
at a high school.
Has to take the bus
to work every day.
And they banned me
from the tracks for life.
I live my life
a quarter mile at a time.
Nothing else matters.
Not the mortgage,
not the store,
not my team
and all their bullshit.
For those 10 seconds
or less,
I'm free.
♪♪ [ Latin Pop ]
[ Brian ]
So how is it, anyways that the--
the gang came to be?
[ Mia ]
The what?The gang.
The gang? No, they don't
call themselves a gang.
Well, what do they
call themselves then?They're a team.
They call themselves
a team.
All right, so how is it
that the team came to be?
Well, that's-that's--
that's a whole lot
of history.
I've got time.
Okay. Vince grew up
with my brother.
Actually, he didn't--
he didn't ever
actually grow up.
As you can tell.
Uh, but they were
friends as kids.
And Letty, she just,
she lived down the street.
Always into cars though.
Ever since she was, like,
10 years old.
So, naturally, you know,
my brother always
had her attention.
And then she turned 16--
And then she had
Dom's attention.
Yeah. Yeah, it's funny
how that works, isn't it?
Yeah.
How is it that Jesse
fits into the whole thing?
Jesse? Well, Jesse
and Leon just sort of...
showed up one night
and never, ever left.
Well, it's just the way
my brother is though,
you know?
Dom's like--
He's-- He's like gravity.
You know, everything
just gets pulled to him.
Even you.
Mm-mmm. No.
No.
The only thing
that pulled me in was you.
Being friends with your brother
is just a bonus.
That's-- That's good.
That's--
That's good.
It's nice to come first
every once in a while.
Want to go for a drive?
[ Tires Squeal ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Horn Honking ]
[ Telephone Ringing ]
Yeah.
[ Tanner ] The hijackers have hit again.
Bilkins made his decision. We're gonna move on Johnny Tran and his guys at 1700 hours--
unless you say otherwise.
If you agree, just say yes.
Yeah.Who is that?
Uh, just a wrong number.
Hi.
♪♪ [ Heavy Metal Intro ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Man ] ♪ I don't need diamond rings
♪ Or high-priced suits  that shine ♪
♪ Limousines and flashy things  or ancient bottled wine ♪
♪ Designer names  and lavish things  and million-dollar hair ♪
♪ Bonny dames without a brain  I never really cared ♪
♪ I don't care nothin'  about it ♪
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
♪ I don't care for glitzy things  or a fancy neighborhood ♪
♪ Glamour games or plastic fame  or the king of Hollywood ♪
♪ Dazzling, flamboyant things  or a top hat on my head ♪
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
♪ I don't care nothin'  about it ♪
♪ I don't care nothin'  about it ♪♪
♪♪ [ Fades ]
[ Bilkins ]
Yes, sir. Yeah, I know, but--
Uh, yeah. Yeah.
Yes. Yes, sir.
Yeah. I got it.
The DVD players
were purchased legally.
All we've got on Tran
and company are a couple of
low-rent weapons charges...
and some outstanding
speeding tickets.
So, they're out.Yeah.
Father bailed 'em out.
Is this the kind
of intelligence I can expect
from you, O'Conner?
- You're gonna put this on me?
- I can put it on whoever
I want to, kid.
- Perks of the job.
- No, there's no way
you're gonna put this--
No, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Let me tell you.
I don't care
if you have to put a gun
to someone's head...
and blow your cover
to smithereens.
You got 36 hours
to crack this bastard,
or you might want
to be thinking about
another career.
[ Dog Howling In Distance ]
It's Toretto, Brian.
It always has been Toretto.
Tran and Hector are--
They're just fumes.
Well, I know
you've been lying to me.
My question is this:
Have you been lying to yourself
because you can't see past Mia?
He won't go back to prison.
Well, that's a choice
he's going to have to make.
There's all kinds
of family, Brian,
and that's a choice
you're gonna have to make.
[ Mia ]
You ready for this, jumpy?[ Engine Starts ]
[ Laughs ]Yeah!
[ Tires Squeal ]
Nice car.
What's the retail
on one of those?
More than
you can afford, pal.
Ferrari.
[ Revs Engine ]
[ Revving Continues ]
Smoke him.
[ Engines Revving ]
[ Man ] ♪ Now has come the day  that I take the lead ♪
♪ And I make you follow
♪ Toast the champagne  'cause I came for greed ♪
♪ And not for tomorrow
♪ If it feels good  then it feels good ♪
♪ And I do it all day
♪ You want me to play  you best bring your brain ♪
♪ You best bring your money
♪ Make me a superstar
♪ It don't matter who you are ♪
[ Dominic ]
So, what's wrong, Brian?
Nothin', man. I'm fine.
Come on.
Obviously, something's off.
Look, I have my good days
and I have my bad days,
just like anybody else.
Brian, don't lose
that cool of yours.
That's your
meal ticket.
My meal ticket? What?
I-- I can't pay
for my own shrimp?
I got the shrimp.
No, see, that's
one thing about me, Dom.
You don't understand.
I don't need handouts.
I don't take handouts.
I earn my way, every step.
Just gotta make
a little something extra
on the side, like you.
What do you mean,
like me?
What's that
supposed to mean?That's what I mean.
What does
that mean, "Like me"?
Don't try--
I'm not stupid, all right?
I know that there's no way
in hell you paid for all that
shit you got under the hood--
There's no way in hell
you paid for all that shit
under the hood of those cars...
by doing tune-ups
and selling groceries.
Whatever it is you're in on,
I want in on it too.
Well, what is this?Read it.
What is this for?It's directions...
to Race Wars.
We'll see how you do.
Then we'll talk.
[ Cheering ]
How's it going, bro?
What's up, man?
Welcome to Race Wars.
Great. Thanks a lot.
[ Man ]
Baby. Hey, baby.
You should be watching
from the side.
Wouldn't want
to get any exhaust
on that pretty face.
How 'bout you put your money
where your mouth is?
Well, how 'bout I race you
for that sweet little ass?
You want ass, why don't you
hit Hollywood Boulevard?
You want an adrenaline rush,
it'll be two large.
Right here, right now.
What's it gonna be?
You got it.
[ Engine Revving ]
[ Man ] ♪ Uh, uh, uh  Another one bites the dust ♪
Come on. What do you got?
What you got?
See ya.
[ Laughing ]
[ Sighs ]
Whoa! Yo, Bri, what's up?
Hey, what's up, Jesse?
What do you have
in your hand?
Throwing down the pink slip,
just like you.
The pink slip to what?
The Jetta?Yeah.
You can't bet
your dad's car.
It's all right.
I ain't losing.
This fool is running
a Honda 2000.
I'll win.
That way me and my dad can roll
together when he gets out
of prison. It's all good.
They're gonna
throw him right back
in prison after he kills you.
Oh, shit. I'm up.
You visualize the win.
Hey, visualize
the win, Jesse.
I'm serious.
You got to listen
to me, man.
Who are you racing?
Jesse, don't do it.
I bet you he's got more
than a hundred grand...
under the hood of that car.Uh-huh.
[ Crowd Cheering,
Whistling ]
[ Nervous Chuckle ]
Too soon, Junior.
No!
- Whoo!
- Shit!
Oh, God!
[ Panting ]
Yo! Heads up, bro.
We got problems.
What?Jesse.
[ Dominic ]
Where's Jesse going?
He just raced Tran
for slips.
Oh, shit.
- Where's he going?
- Went to the car wash.
Whatever. Go fetch my car.
Go fetch your car?
We're not on
your block anymore.
You better watch
who you talk to
like that.
Toretto!Okay, watch it.
Toretto!
SWAT came into my house,
disrespected my whole family
because somebody narc'd me out.
And you know what?
It was you!
[ Groans ]
[ Crowd Shouting ]
[ Grunts ]
Go! Go!
Go! Get him!
[ Grunting ]
[ Crowd Shouting ]
Go! Let him go!
[ Grunts ]
No! Get off of him, man.
Get off of him!
Dom, chill.
Hey, yo!
Dom, chill out, man.
Come on!
I never narc'd on nobody!
[ Leon ]
Dom, let's go.
♪♪ [ Speakers: Techno ]
Mia.
[ Mia ]
I have respected you
and I haven't said shit,
and now I am
asking you not to go.
- Mia, I'm doing this
for both of us.
- No, don't give me that crap.
You're doing this for you.Why are you asking me
to stay?
Why are you insisting
on doing this?
Dom, please, just don't.
Mia, what's going on?What?
You know
what I'm talking about.No, I don't, Brian.
Oh, so what, you always
have tears in your eyes
when Dom drives away?
What is the matter
with you?
Come on. What's your brother
racing off in the middle
of the night for?
I'm talking about the trucks.
You know about the trucks?No, Brian! What trucks?
Jesus Christ.
What?Listen to me.
Mia, I'm a cop.
What are you talking about,
Brian?
What is this?
Ever since
the first time I met you,
I've been undercover.
I'm a cop.
Oh, you bastard.
You bastard.
Mia.Get off of me, Brian!
Mia, listen to me.
Everything I ever said
I felt about you was real.
I swear to God.
You have to believe me, Mia.
But right now this
isn't about you and me.
Your brother's out there.
He's about to pull a job,
and we're running out of time.
Those truckers,
they're not laying down
anymore.
Maybe they'll make it
through tonight,
but every single law enforcement
agency in California's
coming down on 'em.
If you don't want anything
to happen to your brother,
to Letty, to Leon, to Vince,
you have to just get in
that car with me right now.
You have to help me.
Mia, you are the only person
that can help me right now.
Please, Mia.
Please help me.
Civics are stashed somewhere
outside of Thermal.
And they wouldn't double back,
and Highway 10's just
way too well patrolled.
So, what does that
leave us with then?That leaves us with all this.
[ Beeping ]
[ Woman ] Nextel.
Yeah, this is
Officer Brian O'Conner.
Serial number 34762.
I need a cell phone trace.
Okay. What's the cell number?
Mia, what's
his cell phone number?
Come on, Mia. She needs
Dom's cell phone number now.
323-555-6439.
Thank you.
Yeah, you get that?
All right,
we're one man short.
Letty, I need you
on the left side.
Your sister's right
about this one.
This don't feel good.Don't do that.
Something's wrong.
Stop.We shouldn't be doing this
without Jesse.
Look, this is the mother lode.
We've been on this
for three months.
After this,
it's a long vacation
for everyone.
Let's go.I hope so.
Listen, the other night
I had a dream...
that you and I were
on a beach in Mexico.
Really?Really.
Come on.
Let's make this happen.
- Leon, keep on those scanners.
- Copy that.
All right, let's go.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Yeah.
Okay, we traced the number to the northbound 86.
Mile 114 outside Coachella. We'll keep the trace open, Officer.
Let me see this.
All right, I think
we're about 40 miles away.
What are you gonna do?
Okay. Go time.
[ Truck Horn Honking ]
We're all good, man.
I got nothing on the scanners.
Keep going.
Vince!
Vince, don't!
Get back in!
Vince!
He's got a damn shotgun!
Leon!
Back off! Back off!
Get him off of there!
Oh, shit!
Get me off this thing!
Pull up!Un--
Pull up, I'll jump!Unhook-- Unhook yourself.
Do it!
Do it!I can't get...
You can do it!
Come on, Vince!
[ Tires Squealing ]
Dom! I'm pulling up
to distract him.
Come on, boy.
Shot doesn't get
better than this.
Son of a bitch!
Take me off here
or I'm gonna unhook the wire!
Try it again.
One, two, three!
Unhook yourself!
I can't get my arm free.
My arm.
- Vince, grab my hand.
- My arm.
Listen, give me your hand.
I'm gonna pull you
off the rig.
[ Groaning ]
Aw, shit!
Vince!
Dominic. Hold on.
Give me your hand.
Listen to me.
Dominic! Dominic!
Dominic!
Shit!
Hang on!
Dom!
Move out of the way.
I'm coming to get him.
Letty!
- Leon!
- Yo!
Pull back for Letty.
Get her out of there.
I'm on it! Go!
I've got her.
You get Vince off that truck.
Letty.
Come on, baby. Letty?
You okay? Oh, shit.
Come on, girl,
you all right?
Come on, let me look at you.
Come on. We got to go.
Let's go.
Vince!
[ Sharp Groan ]
- Dominic!
- Vince!
Here. Take the wheel.
What do you mean?Take the wheel.
Put your foot on the gas.
I'm gonna get him.
Okay. Okay.
Come on. Keep it steady.I got it!
All right, hold on, Vince.Okay!
Hey, he's having
a hard time holding on.
Get me a little closer.
All right.
- Closer.
- Moving in.
Hold it right there.
Go!
Vince! You got to hang
in here with me right now.
We're gonna get you
off this thing.
Give me your arm.
Vince, look at me.
Don't let go.
Come on, Vince.
Throw this arm around me.
Vince, don't let go.
Come on!
Come on, Mia, get closer.
[ Grunts ]
Mia, get closer!
Come on! Come on, Vince.
Here we go.
[ Shouts ]
V! Oh, shit.
It's gonna be okay, Letty.
I love you.
Watch her.Yeah, I got her.
[ Coughs ]
Come on, Vince.
Hang in there. Come on!
If we don't get him
to an ambulance
in 10 minutes, he's dead.
Hold this.
Hold the pressure.[ Mia ] I got it.
- Just like that. Don't let go.
Hold his arm up.
- Vince.
[ Gasping ]
[ Beeping ]
Yeah. Yeah, this is
Officer Brian O'Conner.
I'm off-duty M.A.P.D.
I need a Life Flight
roll out right away.
My 20 is, uh,
Highway 86, mile marker 147.
I got one trauma victim,
about 24 years of age.
Six foot, maybe 200 pounds.
He's got a real deep
laceration to his right arm
with arterial bleeding.
And he's got a--
a shotgun wound.
Close range to his
left flank. Yeah.
Yeah, and he's
going into shock.
[ Helicopter Approaching ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
Dom, put the gun down now.
- Move your car.
- No. Bullshit.
Put it down now.
No more running.
I'm not running!
- Where's Leon and Letty?
- They're long gone.
Then it's over.
I didn't call the police,
but don't push me.
- Put the gun down.
I swear to God.
- You are the cop.
You're a cop.
Brian, I gotta find Jesse
before they do.
I'm all the kid's got.I'll call in the plates.
P.D. will pick him up
way before Johnny even
gets near him.
- Move your car.
- [ Mia ]
Dom, stop it! It's over.
- Please.
- Mia, stay out of it.
Move the--[ Car Approaching ]
Dominic, I am so sorry.
I don't know
what I'm doing, Dom.
I'm so scared right now.
I don't know what's going on.
Jess! What were you
thinking, man?
I don't know.
I panicked. I'm sorry.
I'm scared.[ Motorcycles Approaching ]
I don't know what I'm doing.
Will you please help me?
Dom!
[ Mia ]
Jesse?
Jesse!
[ Sobbing ]No, Jesse!
No. Dom, no.
[ Groaning ]
[ Panting ]
Call 911.
You-- call 911!
I used to drag here
back in high school.
That railroad crossing up there
is exactly a quarter mile
away from here.
On green, I'm going for it.
[ Bell Clanging ]
[ Whistle Blaring ]
[ Hissing ]
[ Groans ]Dom!
[ Panting ]
That's not what I had in mind.
[ Sirens Blaring, Faint ]
You know what you're doing?
I owe you a 10-second car.
[ Sirens Blaring ]
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
[ Man ] ♪ Fast and the Furious
♪ Ja Rule 01, yeah
♪ Yeah, it's our world  Please believe ♪
♪ Y'all ain't real  Please believe ♪
♪ It's murder  Please believe ♪
♪ I-N-C, come on  What's touchin' me? ♪
♪ R-U-L-E  Love me or hate me, baby ♪
♪ Refer to 3:36, baby
♪ That's the rule  Please, playas  don't get it confused ♪
♪ See this game  that we're playin'  y'all playin' to lose ♪
♪ Who's next that wanna ride?  Who? ♪
♪ Spittin' how I do, y'all  knowin' they wanna ride ♪
♪ Rule, baby  I been really  outta control lately ♪
♪ If you relatin'  lemme hear you say yeah ♪
♪ Y'all feelin' my pain  I've been running wild  time and again ♪
♪ Y'all swerve in my lane  I'll pull up and start  poppin' your brain ♪
♪ Y'all knowin'  these broads' names  extravagant champagnes ♪
♪ Y'all livin' like lame  We livin' the same ♪
♪ Who you deal with?
♪ Y'all really wanna dead who?
♪ They wanna ride who?
♪ Y'all know the dogs  who steady screamin' f-- you ♪
[ Women ] ♪ You heard her, heard her  You heard her, heard her ♪
♪ We live it, we breathe it  We scream it  Murder, murder, murder ♪
[ Man ] ♪ Y'all ain't feelin' who?  Y'all don't like who? ♪
♪ Y'all know the label that  steady screamin' f-- you ♪
[ Women ] ♪ You heard her, heard her  You heard her, heard her ♪
♪ We live it, we breathe it  We scream it  Murder, murder, murder ♪
[ Man ] ♪ Murder Inc is my blood
♪ We'll go through the pain  together by any means ♪
♪ Popping it hot at whoever  or so it seems ♪
♪ Thugs is getting hot  Not this hot very, very hot ♪
♪ See it in your eyes  Playas ready to die ♪
♪ But as long as I'm alive  I'm putting this on my life ♪
♪ For playas that ain't right  They get it upon sight ♪
♪ If ya know me  then you know we pop away ♪
♪ Cock and pop again, baby  Men will be men ♪
♪♪ [ Fades ]
♪♪ [ Techno ]
[ Man ] ♪ Comin' out tonight  at the speed of light ♪
♪ Only the hard and the strong  can achieve the hype ♪
♪ Comin' out tonight  at the speed of light ♪
♪ Only the hard and the strong  can achieve the hype ♪♪
[ Dominic ] I live my life a quarter mile at a time.
Nothing else matters.
For those 10 seconds or less...
I'm free.